### Coronary heart disease (CHD) codes 
10-year risk of future coronary heart disease (CHD) refers to the probability that a person will develop coronary heart disease within the next ten years. Accurate identification of 10-year risk of future CHD enables healthcare providers to implement preventive strategies, including lifestyle changes, medications, and regular monitoring, thus greatly reducing the risk of CHD. However, there are currently few ensemble-based computational methods available for predicting 10-year risk of future coronary heart disease (CHD). In this study, we introduce an innovative ensemble approach, successfully enabling the computational evaluation of 10-year risk of future coronary heart disease (CHD). We conducted a comprehensive model selection process that involved multiple basic machine learning algorithms and deep learning architectures such as recurrent neural networks, convolutional neural networks and Transformer-based models. Trained with scaled 6 nominal variables (e.g. male, education and so on) one-hot encoded and 8 continuous variables (e.g. age, BMI and so on), the performance of individual models achieved an AUROC between 0.498 and 0.717. To further enhance prediction accuracy and robustness, we then constructed the ensembles of these individual models with different combinations. The best performance attained by our ensemble models reached an AUROC of 0.717. Shapley additive explanations were conducted to explain the significant contributions of specific genomic feature, providing an insight of most important variables for CHD risk prediction. 
